What kind of military will do you fart?
Tell you what to do
Haven't shot yet
You're here to disrupt the military
Are you with this Western dog?
We don't want to take risks
But in the field, I still hope Mr. Zheng wins
What do you mean boy?
I haven't called yet, I'm looking forward to Mr. Zheng saying
I really wonder if it's Zhong scary
Shut up, I won't come if you want to go up and die
But you keep saying that you represent him as middle and lower
Then I advise you not to go up
So as not to wait for you
You don't dare to go on stage yourself
Just words
Don't you want me to be like you
Don't even dare to fart
To hide their incompetence
It's a pity that I am the heir to the Middle and Lower God of War
Impossible to be associated with your incompetence
Enough said
Are you middle-class people going to see the big mouth gun?
Humph
kid
I'll show you the gap between us
Hmph, since you are in a hurry to die
Then I will fulfill you
Finally, someone dared to come up and die
Can die at the hands of the heir to the god of war
You're lucky.
I'll let you know today.
provoke middle and lower
It's the worst decision you've ever made in your life
Come on